fix(clickhouse): use lightweight DELETE and push deleteTasks filter into ClickHouse (#15902)
mastra-ai/mastra: stores/clickhouse/README.md

## Prerequisites

- Clickhouse server (version 23.3 or higher recommended)
  - Lightweight `DELETE FROM` requires ClickHouse 22.8+ with `allow_experimental_lightweight_delete = 1` (for 22.8–23.2), or 23.3+ where it is generally available.

>   - The `deleteTask` and `deleteTasks` methods use `DELETE FROM` on the background tasks table — ensure your server supports lightweight delete before using those operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `deleteTask`, `deleteTasks`, and `deleteMessages` methods use `DELETE FROM` — ensure your server supports lightweight delete before using those operations.
```
